docs: document auth override, cors, graphql tutorial (#728)
encoredev/encore: docs/tutorials/graphql.md

}
```

This creates an Encore service that exposes the `/graphql` and `/graphql/playground` endpoints.
The playground is a private route so it can be accessed from the browser when developing locally, but not in production.

It also adds a `//go:generate` directive that lets you re-run the gqlgen code generation
by running `go generate ./graphql`.

## 4. Add GraphQL schema

Now it's time to define the GraphQL schema. Create a `graphql/schema.graphqls` file containing:

```
-- graphql/url.graphqls --
type Query {
  urls: [URL!]!
  get(id: ID!): URL!
}

type Mutation {
  shorten(input: String!): URL!
}

type URL {
  id:  ID!     # shortened id
  url: String! # full URL
}
```

Then, re-run the code generation to generate the resolver stubs:

```shell
$ go generate ./graphql
```
The stubs will be written to `graphql/url.resolvers.go` and will contain a bunch of unimplemented resolver methods
that look something like this:

```go
// Shorten is the resolver for the shorten field.
func (r *mutationResolver) Shorten(ctx context.Context, input string) (*url.URL, error) {
	panic(fmt.Errorf("not implemented: Shorten - shorten"))
}
```

## 5. Implement resolvers

> Now, modify the resolvers to call the `url` service. Since the GraphQL API uses the same types
> (thanks to the `autobind` directive in `gqlgen.yml`)  as the Encore API exposes we can just call the
> endpoints directly. Implement the resolvers in `graphql/url.resolvers.go` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, modify the resolvers to call the `url` service. Since the GraphQL API uses the same types
(thanks to the `autobind` directive in `gqlgen.yml`) as the Encore API exposes, we can just call the
endpoints directly. Implement the resolvers in `graphql/url.resolvers.go` like this:
```

// Shorten is the resolver for the shorten field.
func (r *mutationResolver) Shorten(ctx context.Context, input string) (*url.URL, error) {
	return url.Shorten(ctx, &url.ShortenParams{URL: input})
}

// Urls is the resolver for the urls field.
func (r *queryResolver) Urls(ctx context.Context) ([]*url.URL, error) {
	resp, err := url.List(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		return nil, err
	}
	return resp.URLs, nil
}

// Get is the resolver for the get field.
func (r *queryResolver) Get(ctx context.Context, id string) (*url.URL, error) {
	return url.Get(ctx, id)
}
```

As you can see, the resolvers are just thin wrappers around the Encore API endpoints themselves.

## 6. Trying it out

With that, the GraphQL API is done! Try it out by running `encore run` and opening up [the playground](http://localhost:4000/graphql/playground).

Enter the query:
```graphql
mutation {
    shorten(input: "https://encore.dev") {
        id
    }
}
```

You should get back an id like `MnTWA8Jo`. Pass the id you got (it will be something different) to a `get` query:

```graphql
query {
    get(id: "<your-id-here>") {
        url
    }
}
```

And you should get back `https://encore.dev`. 

## Conclusion

> We've now built a GraphQL API gateway to our application, that forwards requests to the
> underlying Encore services in a type-safe way with minimal boilerplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've now built a GraphQL API gateway that forwards requests to the application's
underlying Encore services in a type-safe way with minimal boilerplate.
```
